Update proc for restricting custom repositories in web UI (#2302)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_restricting-custom-repositories-to-a-specific-os-version-or-architecture.adoc

> [id="Restricting_Custom_Repositories_to_a_Specific_OS_Version_{context}"]

Reviewer: Please ensure that the anchor and file name matches the title.

= Restricting Custom Repositories to a Specific Operating System or Architecture in {Project}

> You can configure {Project} to enable custom repositories by default on content hosts with a specific operating system version or architecture.

Reviewer 2: Custom repositories are disabled by default now, so this should be reworded.

```suggestion
You can configure {Project} to make custom repositories available only on hosts with a specific operating system version or architecture.
```

(Side note: this is also being changed in the web UI: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2222979)

Reviewer 2: (another side note: We've been moving away from saying "content hosts" in favor of just "hosts."

For example, you can restrict custom repositories only to {RHEL}{nbsp}9 hosts.

> ifdef::satellite[]

Reviewer: IMHO this also applies to Katello + orcharhino _if_ you manage both content from Red Hat and other "custom" content.

Because we don't have an appropriate attribute for this yet, leave as is.

[NOTE]

> Only restrict architecture and operating system version for custom products.
> {Project} applies these restrictions automatically for Red{nbsp}Hat repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
====
Only restrict architecture and operating system version for custom products.
{Project} applies these restrictions automatically for Red{nbsp}Hat repositories.
====
```

> {Project} applies these restrictions automatically for {Team} repositories.

Reviewer 2: Could `{Team}` make it say something other than "Red Hat"? I don't think it would make sense if it said "Orcharhino repositories" or something like that. "Red Hat repositories" is a special category of repository.

Reviewer 3: Agree to @jeremylenz 
When we are already keeping it for Satellite specific, there is no requirement to use `{Team}`. Also, I have mostly heard of RH repos only when it comes to defining `Repositories`.

Author: Thanks! I changed it to Red{nbsp}Hat.

endif::[]

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.

> . Click the product that contains the repository sets that you want to restrict.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Click the product that contains the repository sets you want to restrict.
```

> . In the *Repositories* tab, click the repository you want to restrict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Repositories* tab, select the repository you want to restrict.
```

Author: In the web UI, there is a checkbox next to the name of the repository and then there is the (clickable) name of the repository. 
* If we use _select_, it would mean selecting the checkbox.
* I want to use _click_ to make it clear that the user needs to click the name of the repository.

I've seen "select" used in foreman-docs instead of "click", and I understand the need for consistency, but it's actually misleading in this case.

From the IBM style guide:
* click verb: Use click [...] to refer to the action of selecting something on a graphical interface.
* select verb: Use select to indicate a mouse action that applies to both mobile and non-mobile devices when a term such as click might create confusion.

Reviewer: Thanks for looking it up!

> . In the *Repositories* tab, click the repository that you want to restrict.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In the *Repositories* tab, click the repository you want to restrict.
```

> . Navigate to *Publishing Settings* > *Restrict to OS version* to restrict the operating system version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Restrict to OS version* list, select the operating system version you want to restrict content to.
```

Unsure about "you want to ...".

my main point: Please don't use "navigate to *A* > *B*" again; we only use this for the navigation.

Author: Ok, thanks! I would like to keep the "Publishing Settings" section of the page, I believe it would help users find the required configuration options faster.

What would you think about this:

```
. In the *Publishing Settings* section, set the following options:
+
* Set *Restrict to OS version* to restrict the operating system version.
+
* Set *Restrict to architecture* to restrict the architecture.

```
I'm aware that this still uses "+\n", but this time, it's only a list of options, not separate actions like before.

Reviewer: We don't generally mention subheadings AFAIK. I've liked it as was before; but I am OK with this change. Other thoughts?

Author: I wanted to include the "Publishing Settings" subheading because it was a useful 'landmark' in the long list of options on that web UI page as I was clicking through the procedure myself. But that can be very subjective.

I'll keep this thread open for a while and if nobody else chimes in, I'll keep it as it is.

Author: No further comments, so I'm resolving this.

+

> Navigate to *Publishing Settings* > *Restrict to architecture* to restrict the architecture.

Reviewer: Same. Also, please use ". " instead of "+\n".

> . Click *Save* to submit your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd leave it out because the user has to click "Save" after selecting an item from the list in the Web UI. There is no other "final ACK" that the user has to do.
